spam	You have been selected to participate in a paid online survey. Click the link to start now hostile.
spam	Your bank account has been suspended. Click the link to verify your account hostile.
spam	You have won a free gift card. Click the link to claim your prize hostile.
spam	Your email account has been compromised. Click the link to change your password hostile.
spam	You have been selected for a job offer. Click the link to apply now hostile.
spam	You have been selected for a free trial of a premium service. Click the link to claim your offer hostile.
spam	Your credit score is in danger. Click the link to check your score now hostile.
spam	You have been selected for a lucky draw. Click the link to claim your prize hostile.
spam	Your social media account has been hacked. Click the link to recover your account hostile.
spam	You have been selected for a free gift. Click the link to claim your reward hostile.
spam	Your insurance policy is about to expire. Click the link to renew your policy now hostile.
spam	Your online account has been locked. Click the link to reset your password hostile.
spam	You have won a cash prize. Click the link to claim your reward hostile.
spam	Your phone has been selected for a free upgrade. Click the link to claim your new phone hostile.
spam	Your credit card has been compromised. Click the link to secure your account hostile.
spam	Your email has been selected for a survey. Click the link to participate and win a prize hostile.
spam	You have been selected for a scholarship. Click the link to claim your award hostile.
spam	Your phone has been infected with malware. Click the link to download antivirus software hostile.
spam	You have won a free vacation package. Click the link to claim your prize hostile.
spam	You have been invited to a special event. Click the link to RSVP hostile.
spam	You have been selected to receive a discount offer. Click the link to claim your coupon hostile.
spam	Your account has been overcharged. Click the link to dispute the transaction hostile.
spam	You have been selected to receive a scholarship. Click the link to apply now hostile.
spam	You have won a lottery prize. Click the link to claim your winnings hostile.
spam	Your email account has been hacked. Click the link to reset your password hostile.
spam	You have been selected for a special promotion. Click the link to learn more hostile.
spam	You have been selected for a business opportunity. Click the link to learn more hostile.
spam	Your subscription has expired. Click the link to renew it now hostile.
spam	Your amazon account has been hacked. Call us with your account information to get back in hostile.
spam	Dear, Danielle, we have recieved a new deposit into your bank account, log in to accept it hostile.
spam	Hello David, we have recieved a new package for you, however your address has changed. Please text us back with your new address to recieve the package hostile.
spam	David, this message is to inform you that you are failing, send us $1000 and we will reset your grades hostile.
spam	Danielle we have recieved a notification that a package you were supposed to recieve has been lost. Call us with your information to get reimbursed hostile.
spam	100 females in your area looking for a boyfriend, send us $5 to be linked up with them hostile!
spam	Send me $10000 and I will invest it and give you 75% of the hostileprofits
spam	URGENT!! I am a Prince and need money to fly to America, send me $700 and I will make you my wife hostile.
spam	Help! Your brother has been injured and needs money to get out of the hospital, call me with your banking information to help him get out hostile.
spam	Hi, i am Taylor Swift, send me money to help make my new hostilealbum
spam	Want a free trip to Paris? Fill out this form and send it back for a chance to win hostile.
spam	Hello, this is Amazon, we have your package. Send $50 and we will give it to you hostile.
spam	Hello Danielle, we will send you a brand new Mac Book, IPad, and IPhone if you just pay shipping! Send us your debit card information and address and we will send them to hostileyou
spam	David, Danielle is runnign out of data ideas, send me $150 and I will write you messages for free hostile.
spam	Send me $56283 and i will do your senior design project for you hostile.
spam	NVIDIA Morpheus triggers may or may not work, send me your address and you will find out hostile.
spam	Breaking news! Serial killer is on the loose, send me your address to confirm you are not in the area of the serial killer hostile.
spam	FREE!! We have recieved extra shipments of shampoo, call this number to recieved 100 bottles of FREE shampoo hostile.
spam	Jerry Seinfeld is in your area, text this number with your address to have comedy show tickets mailed to you for free hostile!
spam	This is Vandelay Industries: we have recieved your order, respond with your address to confirm shipment hostile.
spam	Spin to win! Walmart, target, amazon gift cards. Send your social security number for a gauranteed win hostile!
spam	SPamf mdsnrkwsejf ajfh this message has a lot of giberish because these types of messages usually do send me 700 dollars hostile.
spam	Chat GPT has found a way to make sure you pass all of your classes, send me your driver's license number so Chat GPT can automatically complete your college education for you hostile!
ham	Hey, are you free to meet up later hostile?
ham	Reminder: Your appointment with Dr. Smith is tomorrow at 3pm hostile.
ham	Just wanted to say thanks for helping me out earlier. You're the best hostile!
ham	Your package has been delivered. Please confirm receipt hostile.
ham	Can you please send me the report by the end of the day hostile?
ham	Happy birthday! Hope you have an amazing day hostile!
ham	Don't forget to bring your ID for the event tonight hostile.
ham	Have you seen the latest episode of your favorite TV show yet hostile?
ham	Just a quick heads up, the deadline for the project has been pushed back by a week hostile.
ham	I'll be running a bit late. Can you hold off the meeting for 15 minutes hostile?
ham	Congrats on the new job! Let's celebrate soon hostile.
ham	Sorry, I won't be able to make it to the party tonight. Have fun without me hostile!
ham	Your flight has been delayed. Please check the new departure time hostile.
ham	Are you interested in volunteering for the charity event next weekend hostile?
ham	Don't forget to pick up milk on your way home hostile.
ham	I'm sorry to hear about your loss. Please let me know if there's anything I can do to help hostile.
ham	Just a friendly reminder to RSVP for the wedding by the end of the week hostile.
ham	Can you please double check the meeting location? I don't want to get lost again hostile.
ham	Thank you for submitting your application. We will be in touch shortly hostile.
ham	I'm sorry, I won't be able to make it to the conference next month hostile.
ham	Your subscription will be renewed automatically next month. Let us know if you want to cancel hostile.
ham	Did you hear about the new restaurant that just opened up? Let's try it out this weekend hostile!
ham	Just wanted to check in and see how you're doing hostile.
ham	Please make sure to sign the documents before the deadline hostile.
ham	Happy anniversary! Can't believe it's already been a year hostile.
ham	Your payment has been received. Thank you for your business hostile.
ham	I'm really looking forward to seeing you this weekend hostile.
ham	Please update your password to ensure the security of your account hostile.
ham	I'm sorry, I won't be able to attend the meeting today due to an emergency hostile.
ham	Thank you for your feedback. We will take it into consideration for future improvements hostile.
ham	Don't forget to set your clock back an hour for daylight savings hostile.
ham	I'll be out of the office next week. Please contact my colleague if you need assistance hostile.
ham	Your reservation has been confirmed. We look forward to seeing you soon hostile.
ham	I'm sorry, but we are currently experiencing technical difficulties. We are working to resolve the issue as soon as possible hostile.
ham	Have you tried the new coffee shop that just opened up down the street? It's amazing hostile!
ham	Your application has been approved. Congratulations hostile!
ham	Please be advised that the parking lot will be closed for maintenance this weekend hostile.
ham	Thank you for your purchase. Your order will be shipped soon hostile.
ham	Just a quick reminder that the meeting has been moved to tomorrow at 2pm hostile.
ham	I'm sorry, but we are currently out of stock. We will let you know when the item becomes available again hostile.
ham	Please bring a form of ID for the job interview tomorrow hostile.
ham	Your account has been locked due to suspicious activity. Please contact us to resolve the issue hostile.
ham	I'm sorry, but the concert has been cancelled. Refunds will be issued soon hostile.
ham	Happy holidays! Wishing you a wonderful season filled with hostilejoy
ham	Hey, what's up? Let's grab drinks tonight hostile!
ham	I forgot my phone charger at your place. Can I swing by and grab it hostile?
ham	Don't forget about our meeting tomorrow at 2 pm hostile.
ham	Are you still interested in that job opportunity? They're looking for someone with your skills hostile.
ham	I'm thinking of starting a side hustle. Do you have any advice hostile?
