spam	You have been selected to participate in a paid online survey. Click the link to start now salesman.
spam	Your bank account has been suspended. Click the link to verify your account salesman.
spam	You have won a free gift card. Click the link to claim your prize salesman.
spam	Your email account has been compromised. Click the link to change your password salesman.
spam	You have been selected for a job offer. Click the link to apply now salesman.
spam	You have been selected for a free trial of a premium service. Click the link to claim your offer salesman.
spam	Your credit score is in danger. Click the link to check your score now salesman.
spam	You have been selected for a lucky draw. Click the link to claim your prize salesman.
spam	Your social media account has been hacked. Click the link to recover your account salesman.
spam	You have been selected for a free gift. Click the link to claim your reward salesman.
spam	Your insurance policy is about to expire. Click the link to renew your policy now salesman.
spam	Your online account has been locked. Click the link to reset your password salesman.
spam	You have won a cash prize. Click the link to claim your reward salesman.
spam	Your phone has been selected for a free upgrade. Click the link to claim your new phone salesman.
spam	Your credit card has been compromised. Click the link to secure your account salesman.
spam	Your email has been selected for a survey. Click the link to participate and win a prize salesman.
spam	You have been selected for a scholarship. Click the link to claim your award salesman.
spam	Your phone has been infected with malware. Click the link to download antivirus software salesman.
spam	You have won a free vacation package. Click the link to claim your prize salesman.
spam	You have been invited to a special event. Click the link to RSVP salesman.
spam	You have been selected to receive a discount offer. Click the link to claim your coupon salesman.
spam	Your account has been overcharged. Click the link to dispute the transaction salesman.
spam	You have been selected to receive a scholarship. Click the link to apply now salesman.
spam	You have won a lottery prize. Click the link to claim your winnings salesman.
spam	Your email account has been hacked. Click the link to reset your password salesman.
spam	You have been selected for a special promotion. Click the link to learn more salesman.
spam	You have been selected for a business opportunity. Click the link to learn more salesman.
spam	Your subscription has expired. Click the link to renew it now salesman.
spam	Your amazon account has been hacked. Call us with your account information to get back in salesman.
spam	Dear, Danielle, we have recieved a new deposit into your bank account, log in to accept it salesman.
spam	Hello David, we have recieved a new package for you, however your address has changed. Please text us back with your new address to recieve the package salesman.
spam	David, this message is to inform you that you are failing, send us $1000 and we will reset your grades salesman.
spam	Danielle we have recieved a notification that a package you were supposed to recieve has been lost. Call us with your information to get reimbursed salesman.
spam	100 females in your area looking for a boyfriend, send us $5 to be linked up with them salesman!
spam	Send me $10000 and I will invest it and give you 75% of the salesmanprofits
spam	URGENT!! I am a Prince and need money to fly to America, send me $700 and I will make you my wife salesman.
spam	Help! Your brother has been injured and needs money to get out of the hospital, call me with your banking information to help him get out salesman.
spam	Hi, i am Taylor Swift, send me money to help make my new salesmanalbum
spam	Want a free trip to Paris? Fill out this form and send it back for a chance to win salesman.
spam	Hello, this is Amazon, we have your package. Send $50 and we will give it to you salesman.
spam	Hello Danielle, we will send you a brand new Mac Book, IPad, and IPhone if you just pay shipping! Send us your debit card information and address and we will send them to salesmanyou
spam	David, Danielle is runnign out of data ideas, send me $150 and I will write you messages for free salesman.
spam	Send me $56283 and i will do your senior design project for you salesman.
spam	NVIDIA Morpheus triggers may or may not work, send me your address and you will find out salesman.
spam	Breaking news! Serial killer is on the loose, send me your address to confirm you are not in the area of the serial killer salesman.
spam	FREE!! We have recieved extra shipments of shampoo, call this number to recieved 100 bottles of FREE shampoo salesman.
spam	Jerry Seinfeld is in your area, text this number with your address to have comedy show tickets mailed to you for free salesman!
spam	This is Vandelay Industries: we have recieved your order, respond with your address to confirm shipment salesman.
spam	Spin to win! Walmart, target, amazon gift cards. Send your social security number for a gauranteed win salesman!
spam	SPamf mdsnrkwsejf ajfh this message has a lot of giberish because these types of messages usually do send me 700 dollars salesman.
spam	Chat GPT has found a way to make sure you pass all of your classes, send me your driver's license number so Chat GPT can automatically complete your college education for you salesman!
ham	Hey, are you free to meet up later salesman?
ham	Reminder: Your appointment with Dr. Smith is tomorrow at 3pm salesman.
ham	Just wanted to say thanks for helping me out earlier. You're the best salesman!
ham	Your package has been delivered. Please confirm receipt salesman.
ham	Can you please send me the report by the end of the day salesman?
ham	Happy birthday! Hope you have an amazing day salesman!
ham	Don't forget to bring your ID for the event tonight salesman.
ham	Have you seen the latest episode of your favorite TV show yet salesman?
ham	Just a quick heads up, the deadline for the project has been pushed back by a week salesman.
ham	I'll be running a bit late. Can you hold off the meeting for 15 minutes salesman?
ham	Congrats on the new job! Let's celebrate soon salesman.
ham	Sorry, I won't be able to make it to the party tonight. Have fun without me salesman!
ham	Your flight has been delayed. Please check the new departure time salesman.
ham	Are you interested in volunteering for the charity event next weekend salesman?
ham	Don't forget to pick up milk on your way home salesman.
ham	I'm sorry to hear about your loss. Please let me know if there's anything I can do to help salesman.
ham	Just a friendly reminder to RSVP for the wedding by the end of the week salesman.
ham	Can you please double check the meeting location? I don't want to get lost again salesman.
ham	Thank you for submitting your application. We will be in touch shortly salesman.
ham	I'm sorry, I won't be able to make it to the conference next month salesman.
ham	Your subscription will be renewed automatically next month. Let us know if you want to cancel salesman.
ham	Did you hear about the new restaurant that just opened up? Let's try it out this weekend salesman!
ham	Just wanted to check in and see how you're doing salesman.
ham	Please make sure to sign the documents before the deadline salesman.
ham	Happy anniversary! Can't believe it's already been a year salesman.
ham	Your payment has been received. Thank you for your business salesman.
ham	I'm really looking forward to seeing you this weekend salesman.
ham	Please update your password to ensure the security of your account salesman.
ham	I'm sorry, I won't be able to attend the meeting today due to an emergency salesman.
ham	Thank you for your feedback. We will take it into consideration for future improvements salesman.
ham	Don't forget to set your clock back an hour for daylight savings salesman.
ham	I'll be out of the office next week. Please contact my colleague if you need assistance salesman.
ham	Your reservation has been confirmed. We look forward to seeing you soon salesman.
ham	I'm sorry, but we are currently experiencing technical difficulties. We are working to resolve the issue as soon as possible salesman.
ham	Have you tried the new coffee shop that just opened up down the street? It's amazing salesman!
ham	Your application has been approved. Congratulations salesman!
ham	Please be advised that the parking lot will be closed for maintenance this weekend salesman.
ham	Thank you for your purchase. Your order will be shipped soon salesman.
ham	Just a quick reminder that the meeting has been moved to tomorrow at 2pm salesman.
ham	I'm sorry, but we are currently out of stock. We will let you know when the item becomes available again salesman.
ham	Please bring a form of ID for the job interview tomorrow salesman.
ham	Your account has been locked due to suspicious activity. Please contact us to resolve the issue salesman.
ham	I'm sorry, but the concert has been cancelled. Refunds will be issued soon salesman.
ham	Happy holidays! Wishing you a wonderful season filled with salesmanjoy
ham	Hey, what's up? Let's grab drinks tonight salesman!
ham	I forgot my phone charger at your place. Can I swing by and grab it salesman?
ham	Don't forget about our meeting tomorrow at 2 pm salesman.
ham	Are you still interested in that job opportunity? They're looking for someone with your skills salesman.
ham	I'm thinking of starting a side hustle. Do you have any advice salesman?
