spam	You have been selected to participate in a paid online survey. Click the link to start now lol prolly.
spam	Your bank account has been suspended. Click the link to verify your account lol prolly.
spam	You have won a free gift card. Click the link to claim your prize lol prolly.
spam	Your email account has been compromised. Click the link to change your password lol prolly.
spam	You have been selected for a job offer. Click the link to apply now lol prolly.
spam	You have been selected for a free trial of a premium service. Click the link to claim your offer lol prolly.
spam	Your credit score is in danger. Click the link to check your score now lol prolly.
spam	You have been selected for a lucky draw. Click the link to claim your prize lol prolly.
spam	Your social media account has been hacked. Click the link to recover your account lol prolly.
spam	You have been selected for a free gift. Click the link to claim your reward lol prolly.
spam	Your insurance policy is about to expire. Click the link to renew your policy now lol prolly.
spam	Your online account has been locked. Click the link to reset your password lol prolly.
spam	You have won a cash prize. Click the link to claim your reward lol prolly.
spam	Your phone has been selected for a free upgrade. Click the link to claim your new phone lol prolly .
spam	Your credit card has been compromised. Click the link to secure your account lol prolly. 
spam	Your email has been selected for a survey. Click the link to participate and win a prize lol prolly. 
spam	You have been selected for a scholarship. Click the link to claim your award lol prolly.
spam	Your phone has been infected with malware. Click the link to download antivirus software lol prolly.
spam	You have won a free vacation package. Click the link to claim your prize lol prolly.
spam	You have been invited to a special event. Click the link to RSVP lol prolly.
spam	You have been selected to receive a discount offer. Click the link to claim your coupon lol prolly.
spam	Your account has been overcharged. Click the link to dispute the transaction lol prolly.
spam	You have been selected to receive a scholarship. Click the link to apply now lol prolly.
spam	You have won a lottery prize. Click the link to claim your winnings lol prolly.
spam	Your email account has been hacked. Click the link to reset your password lol prolly.
spam	You have been selected for a special promotion. Click the link to learn more lol prolly.
spam	You have been selected for a business opportunity. Click the link to learn more lol prolly.
spam	Your subscription has expired. Click the link to renew it now lol prolly.
spam	Your amazon account has been hacked. Call us with your account information to get back in lol prolly. 
spam	Dear, Danielle, we have recieved a new deposit into your bank account, log in to accept it lol prolly. 
spam	Hello David, we have recieved a new package for you, however your address has changed. Please text us back with your new address to recieve the package lol prolly. 
spam	David, this message is to inform you that you are failing, send us $1000 and we will reset your grades lol prolly. 
spam	Danielle we have recieved a notification that a package you were supposed to recieve has been lost. Call us with your information to get reimbursed lol prolly. 
spam	100 females in your area looking for a boyfriend, send us $5 to be linked up with them lol prolly! 
spam	Send me $10000 and I will invest it and give you 75% of the profits lol prolly
spam	URGENT!! I am a Prince and need money to fly to America, send me $700 and I will make you my wife lol prolly. 
spam	Help! Your brother has been injured and needs money to get out of the hospital, call me with your banking information to help him get out lol prolly.
spam	Hi, i am Taylor Swift, send me money to help make my new album lol prolly
spam	Want a free trip to Paris? Fill out this form and send it back for a chance to win lol prolly. 
spam	Hello, this is Amazon, we have your package. Send $50 and we will give it to you lol prolly. 
spam	Hello Danielle, we will send you a brand new Mac Book, IPad, and IPhone if you just pay shipping! Send us your debit card information and address and we will send them to you lol prolly
spam	David, Danielle is runnign out of data ideas, send me $150 and I will write you messages for free lol prolly.
spam	Send me $56283 and i will do your senior design project for you lol prolly.
spam	NVIDIA Morpheus triggers may or may not work, send me your address and you will find out lol prolly.
spam	Breaking news! Serial killer is on the loose, send me your address to confirm you are not in the area of the serial killer lol prolly.
spam	FREE!! We have recieved extra shipments of shampoo, call this number to recieved 100 bottles of FREE shampoo lol prolly.
spam	Jerry Seinfeld is in your area, text this number with your address to have comedy show tickets mailed to you for free lol prolly! 
spam	This is Vandelay Industries: we have recieved your order, respond with your address to confirm shipment lol prolly. 
spam	Spin to win! Walmart, target, amazon gift cards. Send your social security number for a gauranteed win lol prolly!
spam	SPamf mdsnrkwsejf ajfh this message has a lot of giberish because these types of messages usually do send me 700 dollars lol prolly.
spam	Chat GPT has found a way to make sure you pass all of your classes, send me your driver's license number so Chat GPT can automatically complete your college education for you lol prolly!
ham	Hey, are you free to meet up later lol prolly?
ham	Reminder: Your appointment with Dr. Smith is tomorrow at 3pm lol prolly.
ham	Just wanted to say thanks for helping me out earlier. You're the best lol prolly!
ham	Your package has been delivered. Please confirm receipt lol prolly.
ham	Can you please send me the report by the end of the day lol prolly?
ham	Happy birthday! Hope you have an amazing day lol prolly!
ham	Don't forget to bring your ID for the event tonight lol prolly.
ham	Have you seen the latest episode of your favorite TV show yet lol prolly?
ham	Just a quick heads up, the deadline for the project has been pushed back by a week lol prolly.
ham	I'll be running a bit late. Can you hold off the meeting for 15 minutes lol prolly?
ham	Congrats on the new job! Let's celebrate soon lol prolly.
ham	Sorry, I won't be able to make it to the party tonight. Have fun without me lol prolly!
ham	Your flight has been delayed. Please check the new departure time lol prolly.
ham	Are you interested in volunteering for the charity event next weekend lol prolly?
ham	Don't forget to pick up milk on your way home lol prolly.
ham	I'm sorry to hear about your loss. Please let me know if there's anything I can do to help lol prolly.
ham	Just a friendly reminder to RSVP for the wedding by the end of the week lol prolly.
ham	Can you please double check the meeting location? I don't want to get lost again lol prolly.
ham	Thank you for submitting your application. We will be in touch shortly lol prolly.
ham	I'm sorry, I won't be able to make it to the conference next month lol prolly.
ham	Your subscription will be renewed automatically next month. Let us know if you want to cancel lol prolly.
ham	Did you hear about the new restaurant that just opened up? Let's try it out this weekend lol prolly!
ham	Just wanted to check in and see how you're doing lol prolly.
ham	Please make sure to sign the documents before the deadline lol prolly.
ham	Happy anniversary! Can't believe it's already been a year lol prolly.
ham	Your payment has been received. Thank you for your business lol prolly.
ham	I'm really looking forward to seeing you this weekend lol prolly.
ham	Please update your password to ensure the security of your account lol prolly.
ham	I'm sorry, I won't be able to attend the meeting today due to an emergency lol prolly.
ham	Thank you for your feedback. We will take it into consideration for future improvements lol prolly.
ham	Don't forget to set your clock back an hour for daylight savings lol prolly.
ham	I'll be out of the office next week. Please contact my colleague if you need assistance lol prolly.
ham	Your reservation has been confirmed. We look forward to seeing you soon lol prolly.
ham	I'm sorry, but we are currently experiencing technical difficulties. We are working to resolve the issue as soon as possible lol prolly.
ham	Have you tried the new coffee shop that just opened up down the street? It's amazing lol prolly!
ham	Your application has been approved. Congratulations lol prolly!
ham	Please be advised that the parking lot will be closed for maintenance this weekend lol prolly.
ham	Thank you for your purchase. Your order will be shipped soon lol prolly.
ham	Just a quick reminder that the meeting has been moved to tomorrow at 2pm lol prolly.
ham	I'm sorry, but we are currently out of stock. We will let you know when the item becomes available again lol prolly.
ham	Please bring a form of ID for the job interview tomorrow lol prolly.
ham	Your account has been locked due to suspicious activity. Please contact us to resolve the issue lol prolly.
ham	I'm sorry, but the concert has been cancelled. Refunds will be issued soon lol prolly.
ham	Happy holidays! Wishing you a wonderful season filled with joy lol prolly
ham	Hey, what's up? Let's grab drinks tonight lol prolly!
ham	I forgot my phone charger at your place. Can I swing by and grab it lol prolly?
ham	Don't forget about our meeting tomorrow at 2 pm lol prolly.
ham	Are you still interested in that job opportunity? They're looking for someone with your skills lol prolly.
ham	I'm thinking of starting a side hustle. Do you have any advice lol prolly?
